docs: v1.2.1 changelog (#319)
bytebase/bytebase.com: content/changelog/bytebase-1-2-1.md

---
title: Bytebase 1.2.1
author: Adela
published_at: 2022/7/7 17:20
description: "- In-place Point-in-time Recovery for the database (preview version). - Added GET /v1/sql/advise OpenAPI."
---

## 🚀 New Features

- In-place Point-in-time Recovery for the database (preview version).
 ![restore-database](/static/changelog/1.2.1/restore-database.webp)

- Added GET /v1/sql/advise OpenAPI.

> It allows users to perform SQL review via API after configuring schema review policy. Users can access its API documentation via [http://localhost:8080/swagger/index.html](http://localhost:8080/swagger/index.html) once they start their Bytebase service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It allows users to perform SQL reviews via API after configuring the schema review policy. Users can access its API documentation via `/swagger/index.html` once they start their Bytebase service.
```

>  ![sql-open-api](/static/changelog/1.2.1/sql-open-api.webp)

Reviewer 2: extra space
```suggestion
![sql-open-api](/static/changelog/1.2.1/sql-open-api.webp)
```
